[CI:DOCS] Rewrite rootless --userns=auto docs (#13821)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-run.1.md

Example: `containers:2147483647:2147483648`.

Podman allocates unique ranges of UIDs and GIDs from the `containers` subordinate user ids. The size of the ranges is based on the number of UIDs required in the image. The number of UIDs and GIDs can be overridden with the `size` option.

> The rootless option `--userns=keep-id` makes use of all the subuids and subgids of the user. Using `--userns=auto` when starting new containers will not work as long as any containers exist that were started with `--userns=keep-id`.

Reviewer: A suggestion for consideration.  It's good as it too, this is just a bit more concise.

```suggestion
The rootless option `--userns=keep-id` uses all the subuids and subgids of the user. Using `--userns=auto` when starting new containers will not work as long as any containers exist that were started with `--userns=keep-id`.
```
